docs: updating README with info about notebooks (#512)
amazon-braket/amazon-braket-examples: README.md

- [Quantum machine learning and optimization with PennyLane](#pennylane)
- [Amazon Braket features](#braket)
- [Amazon Braket Hybrid Jobs](#jobs)

> - [Pulse Control](#pulse)

Reviewer: This table of contents is good to have but the title (`The repository is structured as follows:`) doesn't clearly define what the purpose is.
I would argue changing it to 
`The examples structured as follows:`
does a better job of conveying this.

- [Qiskit with Braket](#qiskit)

---

> ## <a name="simple">I'm new to quantum</a>

Reviewer: Should the title of the ToC change here?

Author: Done. Not sure about the naming, still. Waiting for Jordan to weigh in.

    This tutorial illustrates how Amazon Braket integrates with Amazon EventBridge for event-based processing. In the tutorial, you will learn how to configure Amazon Braket and Amazon Eventbridge to receive text notification about quantum task completions on your phone. Of course, EventBridge also allows you to build full, event-driven applications based on events emitted by Amazon Braket.

* [**Noise Models on Amazon Braket**](examples/braket_features/Noise_models/Noise_models_on_Amazon_Braket.ipynb)

    This tutorial shows how to create noise models containing different types of noise and instructions for how to apply the noise to a circuit. A noise model encapsulates the assumptions on quantum noise channels and how they act on a given circuit. Simulating this noisy circuit gives information about much the noise impacts the results of the quantum computation. By incrementally adjusting the noise model, the impact of noise can be understood on a variety of quantum algorithms.

> * [**Noise Models on Rigetti**](examples/braket_features/Noise_models/Noise_models_on_Rigetti.ipynb)

Author: Honestly, I was trying to avoid using the specific device name so that we don't forget to update it, but I think we have lots of other places where we would need to update it anyways...

> * [**Noise Models on Rigetti**](examples/braket_features/Noise_models/Noise_models_on_Rigetti.ipynb)

Author: Yeah. I made it Rigetti's Aspen device. Do you think that's OK now?

    This notebook provides a detailed overview of noise simulation on Amazon Braket. You will learn how to define noise channels, apply noise to new or existing circuits, and run those circuits on the Amazon Braket noise simulators.

* [**TN1 and Hayden-Preskill circuits**](examples/braket_features/TN1_demo_local_vs_non-local_random_circuits.ipynb)

    This tutorial dives into showing the degree to which the tensor network simulator is capable of detecting a hidden local structure in a quantum circuit by working with Hayden-Preskill circuits, which are a class of unstructured, random quantum circuits.

> * [**Adjoint Gradient Result Type**](examples/braket_features/Using_The_Adjoint_Gradient_Result_Type.ipynb)

Author: The one on 108 is more PennyLane specific, I guess. This one is just an introduction. We can try to reorder the list...

* [**Parallelize training for Quantum Machine Learning**](examples/hybrid_jobs/5_Parallelize_training_for_QML/Parallelize_training_for_QML.ipynb)

    This notebook introduces using data parallelism for Quantum Machine Learning (QML) workloads.

* [**QN-SPSA optimizer using an Embedded Simulator**](examples/hybrid_jobs/6_QNSPSA_optimizer_with_embedded_simulator/qnspsa_with_embedded_simulator.ipynb)

    This notebook demonstrates how to implement and benchmark the QN-SPSA optimizer, a novel quantum optimization algorithm.

* [**Running Jupyter notebooks as a Hybrid Job**](examples/hybrid_jobs/7_Running_notebooks_as_hybrid_jobs/Running_notebooks_as_hybrid_jobs.ipynb)

    This tutorial is a step-by-step guide for running a Jupyter notebook as a Hybrid Job.

* [**Creating Hybrid Job Scripts**](examples/hybrid_jobs/8_Creating_Hybrid_Job_Scripts/Creating_your_first_Hybrid_Job.ipynb)

>     This notebook shows an alternate way to create a Hybrid Job - without using a @hybrid_job decorator - that may be useful in some circumstances, such as using older versions of Python. 

Author: Again, I'm leaving it a little vague here so we don't forget to update it and give wrong information. Customers can always look up what versions we support, but giving them the wrong information is worse than having to look it up.

>     This notebook shows an alternate way to create a Hybrid Job - without using a @hybrid_job decorator - that may be useful in some circumstances, such as using older versions of Python. 

Reviewer: This sentence makes use of too many clauses in the description. Breaking it up past "decorator" would be better.

>     This notebook shows an alternate way to create a Hybrid Job - without using a @hybrid_job decorator - that may be useful in some circumstances, such as using older versions of Python. 

Author: I wanted to convey that the main difference is that the decorator is not used in this notebook because we want to make it available for customers who are using a python version that's not the same one we have in the NBIs/containers (3.10, for now).

>     This notebook shows an alternate way to create a Hybrid Job - without using a @hybrid_job decorator - that may be useful in some circumstances, such as using older versions of Python. 

Reviewer: I just think it reads slightly smoother as two sentences such as:
```
This notebook shows an alternate way to create a Hybrid Job without using a @hybrid_job decorator. The demonstrated method may be useful in some circumstances, such as using older versions of Python. 
```
I don't think this is a blocking issue to get this merged.

---
## <a name="pulse">Pulse Control</a>

* [**Bringup Experiments**](examples/pulse_control/1_Bringup_experiments.ipynb)

>     This tutorial will introduce common pulse sequences and calibrating pulses via Rabi spectroscopy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This tutorial introduces common pulse sequences and calibrating pulses via Rabi spectroscopy.
```
This keeps our verb tense the same.

---
## <a name="ahs">Analog Hamiltonian Simulation</a>

* [**Intruction to Analog Hamiltonian Simulation**](examples/analog_hamiltonian_simulation/00_Introduction_of_Analog_Hamiltonian_Simulation_with_Rydberg_Atoms.ipynb)

    This tutorial provides an introduction to Analog Hamiltonian Simulation (AHS), a quantum computing paradigm different from gate-based computing. AHS uses a well-controlled quantum system and tunes its parameters to mimic the dynamics of another quantum system, the one we aim to study.

* [**Intruction to Aquila**](examples/analog_hamiltonian_simulation/01_Introduction_to_Aquila.ipynb)

    This tutorial illustrates how to run an AHS program on QuEra’s Aquila, a Rydberg based QPU, via Amazon Braket.

* [**Ordered Phases in Rydberg Systems**](examples/analog_hamiltonian_simulation/02_Ordered_phases_in_Rydberg_systems.ipynb)

    This tutorial shows how to prepare ordered phases in Rydberg systems, focusing on the 1D phase and the 2D checkerboard phase. It uses an adiabatic time-evolution to prepare these many-body ground states.

* [**Parallel Tasks on Aquila**](examples/analog_hamiltonian_simulation/03_Parallel_tasks_on_Aquila.ipynb)

>     This tutorial goes through the previously explored checkerboard preparation but now takes advantage of the full area.

Reviewer: I am worried this description falls out of sync and customers are left wondering, "What previously explored checkboard prep".

Author: It's referencing the bullet point above this one. I don't think it's much of a stretch.

Author: Reworded. Is this better, or worse?

    This tutorial demonstrates how to set up a unit disk graph and solve for its maximum independent set using the Amazon Braket analog Hamiltonian simulation (AHS) local simulator. 

* [**Running on Local Simulator**](examples/analog_hamiltonian_simulation/05_Running_Analog_Hamiltonian_Simulation_with_local_simulator.ipynb)

    This tutorial shows how to test and debug an analog Hamiltonian simulation (AHS) program on the local simulator before submitting it to a QPU. It introduces several features of the local simulator that will be useful to streamline this testing process.

* [**Simulation with PennyLane**](examples/analog_hamiltonian_simulation/06_Analog_Hamiltonian_simulation_with_PennyLane.ipynb)

    This tutorial shows how to run analog Hamiltonian simulation (AHS) on Braket’s Rydberg atom devices leveraging quantum machine learning techniques from PennyLane.

---
## <a name="qiskit">Qiskit with Braket</a>

* [**Getting started with Qiskit on Amazon Braket**](examples/qiskit/0_Getting_Started.ipynb)

    This tutorial shows how you can run your Qiskit code on Amazon Braket computing services.

---
## <a name="search">Still can't find what you're looking for?</a>

> While they may not fit into this repository, Braket provides other libraries, tools, algorithms, experimental features, and more to help with your quantum computing journey. You can, for example, search all of our repositories for the [Bernstein Vazirani](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aamazon-braket+Bernstein&type=code) algorithm or more [experimental features](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aamazon-braket+experimental+features&type=code). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Braket provides other libraries, tools, algorithms, experimental features, and more to help with your quantum computing journey. You can, for example, search all of our repositories for the [Bernstein Vazirani](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aamazon-braket+Bernstein&type=code) algorithm or more [experimental features](https://github.com/search?q=org%3Aamazon-braket+experimental+features&type=code). 
```
